# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists 
Humanists and historians can use the basic card layout of the website for many purposes. From a research point of view, the layout is an effective way of displaying research topics that are either complete, still in progress. For example, the layout could have a series of completed research topics on a certain field, so that other historians can take a look at other studies taken place that may influence their own. Additionaly it is centralized location for all of these studies. In regard to studies and research topics that are still in progress, this card layout could be a means of communication and discourse. For example, a historian that may need aid in completeing a study would be able to put it up on the website so that when other historians take a look at the website they maybe capable of contacing the hsitorian in need (sinice all of their information is on the card) and help them on their study. 

## Question 2
#### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
It is the responsibility of the researcher to keep all of the information of the participants private and secure. The information of the participants is personal and sensetive, the researcher is responsible for this information not to be accessible to the public. Additionally, it is the researchers responsiblity that the cards displaying the students information is not altered or edited, as this goes against the rights of the participants as the information displayed under their name will not be compeltely theirs. In the case of this assignment the information of the participants is public, however they have the right to ommit some or all of their information to be displayed to the public at any point in time. 

## Question 3
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
In Question 1 I spoke on two possible uses of the card layout website for historians and humanists. For this question I will discuss the particular use of displaying studies and research topics that are still in progress. An essential field to use for a record is the date the reaserch topic spans, as this gives the researcher taking a look at the record an idea of the time frame spent on the study, also not just the date spent working on the study but also the date of the topic of study, in order for a researcher to see if his knowledge can be applied to aid. Also another important field is a refrence for the researcher that is working on the topic for purposes of communication. Another is a brief description of the topic of study. This could turn to an obstacle in the future as it leads to the oversimplification of comlpex documents, this leads to ambigiuity and laziness. 
